Update cache docs (#3505)
apollographql/apollo-android: docs/source/caching/normalized-cache.mdx

Using a normalized cache as several advantages. The main one is to avoid storing duplicate data and save some space. Another big one is that you can use the cache as a single source of truth for your UI and react to changes in the cache. To learn more about the process of normalization, check this [blog post about cache normalization](https://www.apollographql.com/blog/apollo-client/caching/demystifying-cache-normalization/).

## Memory cache

Apollo Android comes with a `MemoryCache` that will store your data in memory. To use it, add the `apollo-normalized-cache` artifact to your dependencies in your `build.gradle[.kts]` file:

```kotlin:title=build.gradle[.kts]
dependencies {
  implementation("com.apollographql.apollo3:apollo-normalized-cache:x.y.z")
}
```

And add it to your `ApolloClient`:

```kotlin
// Create a 10MB MemoryCacheFactory
val cacheFactory = MemoryCacheFactory(maxSizeBytes = 10 * 1024 * 1024)
// Build the ApolloClient
val apolloClient = ApolloClient.Builder()
  .serverUrl("https://...")
  // normalizedCache() is an extension function on ApolloClient.Builder
  .normalizedCache(cacheFactory)
  .build()
```

> Because the normalized cache is optional, `normalizedCache()` is an extension function on `ApolloClient.Builder()` that's defined in the `apollo-normalized-cache` artifact. It takes a `NormalizedCacheFactory` as a parameter so that it can create the cache in the background if needed.

Reviewer: Nit: not 100% sure, is "in the background" the correct term? Maybe "on demand" or just "as needed" is more accurate?

Author: It's really more about not doing it on the main thread. Since it's only every creating one instance we could create it eagerly except that in most times, that would happen on the main thread. 

Maybe we just remove this sentence from the doc? And leave it for the KDoc?

Reviewer: Gotcha! Wasn't sure it's what you meant, in that case it's correct 👍. Yes adding this info in the KDoc could be useful. You can remove it here or also leave it, it's doesn't hurt.

A `MemoryCache` is a least recently used (LRU) cache. It keeps entries in memory based on two conditions:

* `maxSizeBytes`: the maximum size in bytes the cache may occupy
* `expireAfterMillis`: after what timeout each entry in the cache treated as expired. By default there is no timeout.

When your app is stopped, data in the `MemoryCache` is lost forever. If you need to persist data, you can use the SQLite cache.

## SQLite cache

> The SQLite cache uses [SQLDelight](https://github.com/cashapp/sqldelight) to store data persistently if you need to to persist data accross app restarts or simply if the data becomes too big to fit in memory.

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
The SQLite cache uses [SQLDelight](https://github.com/cashapp/sqldelight) to store data persistently. It can be used when you need to persist data across app restarts or simply if the data becomes too big to fit in memory.
```

  .build()
```

> You can then use it like the `MemoryCache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then use it like the `MemoryCache`.
```
